TELCODOCS#2148: Usability improvements in cluster-compare plugin (#91033)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-compare-configure-inline-diff.adoc

* `regex`: Validates content in a field using a regular expression.
* `capturegroups`: Enhances multi-line text comparisons by processing non-capture group text as exact matches, applying regular expression matching only within named capture groups, and ensuring consistency for repeated capture groups.

> When using the `regex` or `capturegroups` function for inline validation, the `cluster-compare` plugin enforces that identically named capture groups match the same values across multiple fields within a template. This means that if a named capture group, such as `(?<username>[a-z0-9]+)`, appears in multiple fields, the values for that group must remain consistent throughout the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using either the `regex` or `capturegroups` function for inline validation, the `cluster-compare` plugin enforces that identically named capture groups have the same values across multiple fields within a template. This means that if a named capture group, such as `(?<username>[a-z0-9]+)`, appears in multiple fields, the values for that group must be consistent throughout the template.
```
Who uses the `regex` or `capturegroups` functions? The plugin, or the user? This reads like the plugin is using these functions, but it seems like something a user has set. So should it be something like "When you use the either the `regex` or `capturegroups` function,..."?

"the `regex` or `capturegroups` function" needs to have "etiher" to match the singular "function" or you could use plural "functions" instead

suggest simplifying a few words

Author: Agreed! It makes sense to say "When you use.."
Updated as per the suggestion,

[id="cluster-compare-configure-capturegroups_{context}"]
== Configuring inline validation with the capturegroups function

> Use the `capturegroups` inline function for more precise validation of fields featuring multi-line strings. This function also ensures that identically named capture groups match the same values across multiple fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `capturegroups` inline function for more precise validation of fields featuring multi-line strings. This function also ensures that identically named capture groups have the same values across multiple fields.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

    - path: example.yaml
      config:
        perField:
        - pathToKey: data.username <1>
          inlineDiffFunc: regex <2>
        - pathToKey: spec.bigTextBlock <3>
          inlineDiffFunc: capturegroups <4>
----
<1> Specifies the field for inline validation.
<2> Enables inline validation using capture groups.

> <3> Specifies the multi-line field for capture group validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Specifies the multi-line field for capture-group validation.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

metadata:
  namespace: dashboard
data:

>   username: "(?<username>[a-z0-9]+)"

Reviewer 2: I think it's worthwhile mentioning, after this example, that if a different username is provided in both the `username` field and the `bigTextBlock`, the tool will warn about the inconsistent matching.

Reviewer 2: I can provide an example of the output, if that's useful to you.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion!

metadata:
  namespace: dashboard
data:
  username: "(?<username>[a-z0-9]+)" <1>
  bigTextBlock: |-
    This static content outside of a capture group should match exactly.
    Here is a username capture group: (?<username>[a-z0-9]+). 
    It should match this capture group: (?<username>[a-z0-9]+).
----

> <1> If the username value in the `data.username` field and the value captured in `bigTextBlock` do not match, the `cluster-compare` plugin warns you about the inconsistent matching. This helps you identify mismatches across fields that are expected to contain the same value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> If the username value in the `data.username` field and the value captured in `bigTextBlock` do not match, the `cluster-compare` plugin warns you about the inconsistent matching. This helps you identify mismatches across fields that are expected to contain the same value.
```
Does the warning consist of terminal feedback or something else? I would just state what it does, not personify it (e.g., "returns an error stating..." or something like that)

Author: Makes sense!

@lack 
WDYT?
